---
layout: post
title: Vegetarian burguers are better than meat burguers
published: false
---

This might seem like a bold statement, but let me jump right into the topic and explain my opinion.

I have always loved meat. I love steak and I'm known for eating so much in barbeques that I have a stomach-ache after them. I love meat from medium rare to done, from frankfurts to ribs.

That being the case, why do I defend veggie burguers? Well, I have multiple reasons for that. Hear me out.

# It's bad for the environment

Ok, this might not come as a surprise for a lot of people, but animals **fart**. Specially cows. It looks like for every 1kg of beef produced **34.6 kg of CO2** is being released into the atmosphere, and I quote:
*"(...) a kilogram of beef is responsible for the equivalent of the amount of CO2 emitted by the average European car every 250 kilometres, and burns enough energy to light a 100-watt bulb for nearly 20 days" (source: https://timeforchange.org/are-cows-cause-of-global-warming-meat-methane-CO2).*

This is horrible. That means that for a 1€ McDonald's burguer we aren't only paying 1€. We're paying 1€ and 3.46 kg of CO2 (the equivalent of 25 km of emissions from an average european car). Setting the morals of killing a living being just for a 1€ burguer aside (or even worse, for a frankfurt!): we're destroying our home, the planet Earth. And most of the times we aren't even enjoying it! What's our issue? If you're going to destroy your own planet for a bite, at least savor it. Extract all the flavor and enjoyment you can from that murderous piece of carcass. Fuck yeah!

This is everyone's responsibility and I would argue it's even in your best interest. Demand is generated by consumers everytime we buy something. The question now is simple: where do you usually buy meat products? If you're like me, you just go wherever: McDonalds, KFC, Burguer King, good restarants, barbeques with friends, at home alone, a shady bar in the middle of the night when you're drunk and hungry... I want you to consider when do you really enjoy eating meat. Is it when you're eating fast food? Or do you prefer it on special occasions when you're with your friends and/or family? I love preparing good food when I'm alone at home. I just take my time, gather all the ingredients first and cook everything with care. I enjoy every last piece of it. I would gladly emit 25 km worth of CO2 into the atmosphere for that. I wouldn't do that for a 1€ burguer from McDonald's.

# They keep us from discovering new flavors

When was the last time you tried a burguer and you were surprised? In my case, most of the times I order a burguer I get what I would call "the standard burguer". It doesn't shine in any aspect in particular. It fills your belly. But so would a bowl of rice... wouldn't it?

My point here is we should differentiate between two things: feeding and eating. Feeding is just the act of getting enough food to see another day. Eating is slower because you stop to enjoy it. When you eat, you 
